Add MEV protection. (#1908)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: services/reference/ethereum/json-rpc-methods/_eth_gettransactionbyhash-description.mdx

Returns information about a transaction for a given hash.

:::info MEV protection for users on the free tier (BETA)
Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) protection is applied for this method on Mainnet only.

> Meaning, `r`, `s`, and `v` signature fields might return empty hex values (`0x0`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means `r`, `s`, and `v` signature fields might return empty hex values (`0x0`)
```
